was my last gig if it has happened by
now it's like a miracle was happen what
happened
electricity flipped off all over the
world yesterday and they bought you a
present all my troubles seemed so far
away now it looks as though they're to
say what did you write that I didn't
write it Paul McCartney wrote at the
Beatles who John Paul George and Ringo
the Beatles
no stop it yesterday it's one of the
greatest songs ever written well it's
not Coldplay it's not fixed you do you
take you will not know who the Beatles
are genuinely and I'm in a really really
really complicated situation when I find
myself in times of trouble sorry I'm
just listening to Jack's new song what's
this one called leave it be let it be
well rock on Jack oh yeah
[Music]
all right we should talk see we pay and
you write sauce and then you make a ton
of money and then we take most of it we
would like him to write something right
now she means no one's ever written this
many great songs how do you do it trust
me like love sometimes it goes uh
somewhere else is there those holes
I don't mean half my not I see you to
wake up and love me but I'm a
schoolteacher yes all the world's
greatest singers all right and not
except for you are it's gonna be the
greatest album of all time
I've got two men who claim that the
songs are there let's see how this plays
out shall we
[Music]
[Applause]
Commissioner please make some noise mr.
Jack
let me just give you this advice song
title hey dude
hey dude are you sure hey dude it's so
much better dude it today
[Applause]
[Music]